(women scream)
Call an ambulance!
Now you see why I didn't
call an ambulance.
I want back in the game.
This could actually work.
These contacts are
comfortable with me.
You show up and start asking
questions. they'll get nervous.
You said that there was
no one here besides you
when Logan OD'd. right?
That's right.
You pull it off. we'll
bring you on full-time.
(grunts)
Front me a key. You got one
day to bring me $12.000.
(smack) (grunts)
Buy this key. and I will bring
you another one tomorrow.
AUNT LOUIE: You wanna
talk to your daddy?
Just drive the fucking car.
NINA SIMONE: ♪ Birds flyin' high
♪ You know how I feel
♪ Sun in the sky. you
know how I feel ♪
♪ Breeze driftin' on by.
you know how I feel ♪
♪ It's a new dawn.
it's a new day ♪
♪ It's a new life for me. yeah
♪ It's a new dawn.
it's a new day ♪
♪ It's a new life for me
♪ Ooh
♪ And I'm feelin' good
♪♪
(women screaming and
shouting indistinctly)
WOMAN: Alejandro! Alejandro!
Oh. my God.
(gunshots)
♪♪
♪ Fish in the sea
♪ You know how I feel
♪ River runnin' free
♪ Blossom on the tree
♪ You know how I feel
♪ It's a new dawn.
it's a new day ♪
♪ It's a new life
♪ For me
♪ And I'm feelin' good
♪ Dragonfly out in the sun
♪ You know what I mean.
don't you know ♪
♪ Butterflies all havin'
fun. you know what I mean ♪
♪ Sleep in peace
when day is done ♪
♪ That's what I mean
♪ And this old world
is a new world ♪
♪ And a bold world
♪ For me
♪ Yeah. yeah (crying)
♪ Stars when you shine.
you know how I feel ♪
♪ Scent of the pine.
♪ Oh. freedom is mine
♪ And I know how I feel
♪ It's a new dawn.
it's a new day ♪
♪ It's a new life
♪ For me
(scatting)
♪ I'm feelin' good
(engine starts)
(engine revs)
(water splashes)
(groans)
(grunts)
(turns on tap)
(turns off tap) Good morning.
After the meeting.
we have to find a
new stash house.
What's wrong with this one?
Uh. it's too understated.
I'd like to find
something flashier.
We have two deals to make today.
weapons arriving tomorrow.
We don't have time to...
This isn't a discussion.
We're out of here after
the meeting tonight.
(glass clinks)
You should have a bump.
(taps packet)
I'm serious. Straighten
you right out.
(sets down glass)
I don't think showing up
high to Avi Benhamou's house
would be strategically sound.
Well. like. I said. I don't think
you should show up at all.
All right. look. I gotta
run some errands.
So wait an hour. pack up
the rest. and then. uh.
meet me at that parking garage
on Sunset. behind Carney's.
Where you going? You know what
place I mean? Yellow train?
One hour.
(engine turns off)
(speaks indistinctly)
You're late.
You have my cash?
(bag unzips)
Fuck is this?
I sent you in there to take
money. not family photos.
Where is it. Oso? Mm?
I'll give you the money
when I feel safe.
Safe from what?
The kind of man who steals
from his own father.
Gustavo. we weren't stealing the money...
(gun cocks)
Pedro! Pedro. put the gun down.
(speaks Spanish)
- Stop it! You want the money?
- Yeah. I want the fucking money.
If you kill him. we're never gonna see it.
I'm not gonna kill him.
I'm gonna put holes in him
until he gives it up.
Pedro. look at me. Can you come
talk to me. please? Please.
- Pedro. Pedro. look at me.
- (Speaks Spanish)
Stop. Put the gun down.
What are you doing?
He's fucking threatening us.
We've had this
conversation. I know.
Yeah. So what?
(speaking Spanish)
Get in your car and go.
You're never gonna
get it back now.
(bag thuds) So just get in.
Okay. Fine.
You sure you got this?
Yes. Just calm down.
(car door opens)
(sirens wailing in distance)
(scoffs) Yeah. whatever.
(engine starts)
(gravel crunches)
♪♪
(tires squeal)
(car door closes) ♪
Can you feel it?
♪ Can you feel it?
(car door opens)
♪ Ooh. yeah. can you feel it?
♪ I can feel it
(man screaming in distance)
(man inhales sharply)
(water splashing lightly)
(inhales sharply)
Ah. You didn't even
think to call...
(sniffs) Give me a heads up?
You said you don't have a phone.
Of course I have a phone.
It's not that I
don't have a phone.
(liquor pours. Avi sniffs.
glass cap clatters)
It's just that I don't like
talking business over the phone.
You know why? (Sniffs)
(man continues
screaming in distance)
Someone could be listening?
- AVI: And then what happens?
- ALEJANDRO: You get caught.
- And then what?
- You go to jail.
No. you go to fucking prison. So I don't
want you to call. (Screaming continues)
I want you to do things exactly the
way we said they would be done...
so you don't have to call.
(sniffs)
- Uh. I'm sorry. What was that?
- What?
That noise.
(screaming continues
in distance)
(speaks Hebrew)
(man shouting
indistinctly in distance)
(door opens. gun
cocks) What the fuck?!
Strip.
I was told you didn't
want to be known.
"Alejandro. I wanna
meet your partner."
"No. Avi. you cannot
meet my partner.
My partner doesn't
wanna be met."
I said. "Okay.
Alejandro here..."
he parties.
He's legit.
"He makes me feel safe and
warm and fuzzy inside."
But then. first deal...
you show up. all
nifty and shifty.
And nervous.
Okay. so I... if I'm shifty.
it's 'cause it sounds like
there's somebody giving
birth back there.
And you're trying to get
me naked at gunpoint.
So I know you wear no
wire in your ass crack.
Listen. if it makes you feel
any better. we'll all strip.
And then we're gonna sit
here like a bunch of faggots
while you explain why you
suddenly need to be here
to conduct our business.
Take off your
clothes. everybody.
What are you waiting for?
All right. Come on!
Turn around. Show me your ass.
Show me your fucking ass!
(door rattles)
MAN: Avi! (Coughs)
- (speaking Hebrew)
- What happened to him?
(shouting in Hebrew)
Do you see how dark that is?
That means that he's
bleeding internally.
So now you're a fucking doctor?!
No. He needs one.
Don't worry about it!
(men arguing in Hebrew)
Just be quiet.
Get the fuck outta here!
I... We need to make this deal. Avi.
No. fuck!
We need to make this deal. Avi.
When should we come back?
I'll call you.
(Yuda coughs) Get out!
(men continue arguing in Hebrew)
(Los Ribereños'
"Silbando" playing)
(boxers grunting)
(speaks Spanish)
Mm-hmm.
That's quite the smell.
♪♪
I don't have that kind of time.
Wanna be more specific?
Órale.
Who did I kill?
(men speaking indistinctly)
And he works for Ramiro.
Pedro's father.
Did you and Pedro set me up?
- Why would we do that?
- I don't know.
Why would Pedro rob
his own father?
I already told you. Oso. We
weren't stealing the money.
(scoffs) The plan was to
borrow it. flip the product.
put it back before Ramiro
ever knew it was missing.
What product? Hmm?
Not marijuana.
(chains clank)
You know. Pedro told me
you didn't talk much.
Was he wrong. or do I just
bring something out of you?
We said if you pulled this off.
we'd bring you on full-time.
And even though you fucked up. that's...
I fucked up?
That offer still stands.
I fucked up. Lucia?
Oso. I'm gonna give you access
to everything. (Scoffs)
Our suppliers. our stash
house. our product.
You'd betray your own
family for money?
¿Por qué?
MAN: Gustavo.
Quit.
- I can't.
- Tell him you quit.
In two months. you
can buy this place.
let anyone you want
train for free.
You'll be a hero.
(men arguing in Hebrew)
- Hello?
- (shouting in Hebrew)
(shouting in Hebrew continues)
- AVI: Yuda...
- (shouting in Hebrew)
- Yuda.
- The door was unlocked.
Not a good time. Go away.
But I got your money.
(men arguing in Hebrew)
- I got your money.
- What?
- What. you actually did it?
- Screw his money now!
Screw your mother. motherfucker!
I can see you in
some shit right now.
so if it's all good. I'll just
take a couple keys and go.
- Why? You want more?
- Ain't that how it work?
I do good. I get
more opportunity.
(slaps face)
(man speaks Hebrew)
Yeah.
(speaks in Hebrew)
But I'm going to need you to
do something for me first.
(moaning)
Okay. so if you get pulled over.
tell 'em that you're... you're
the chauffeur or something.
Use that silver tongue of yours.
All right?
Now whatever happens...
Whatever happens...
I do not want police
in this house.
Do you understand?
- Uh-huh.
- (speaks Hebrew)
- (man speaks Hebrew)
What about the keys?
Nah. I meant the coke.
(man groaning)
You want the cocaine
inside the car with you?
I thought you're
smarter than this.
Come back after that. I'll
give it to you then...
my Rolls intact.
And. Franklin.
I'm giving you a wondrous
responsibility here...
The chance to save a life.
(keys jangle) Don't fuck it up.
(tires screech)
(brakes screech)
♪♪
WOMAN: Oh. my God. Get a gurney.
(tires squeal) I got you.
(brakes screech)
(engine turns off)
Why are you intent on making
this harder than it has to be?
That guy's a lunatic. We shouldn't
be doing business with him.
(siren wailing in distance)
(car door closes) Hey.
Hey! (Whistles)
(snaps fingers) I had him under
control until you showed up.
(scoffs) You know. things
between Logan and I
were working because
he trusted me.
Okay.
Stop lying to me.
What is this? I don't
know what this is.
It's a woman's earring. I
found it near Logan's body.
Okay. Tell me. what do
you think happened?
I don't know. You...
You told me that you and Logan
were alone when he OD'd. right?
Yeah. But there was blood
all over that house.
And then I found
this and blond hair.
So yeah. I'm thinking...
maybe Logan was with a girl...
Or girls... when he OD'd.
Somebody panicked. Maybe they wanted
to call an ambulance or something.
and you did what you thought you
had to do to salvage the op.
You think I killed some girl?
- Do you know how that sounds?
- No. please. tell me.
- Crazy.
- No.
Paranoid. like you don't know...
No. No. This is not...
- what's right and what's...
- This is not in my head.
No. yes. it is.
And you need to get
control of yourself.
because the Mexicans are
coming to the house at 10:00.
So either show up calm and
clear. ready to make a deal.
or stay away.
(sniffs)
(car door opens)
(car door closes)
I get more than 24
hours this time?
Don't push it.
Just out of curiosity...
(zips up bag)
who'd you find to take off
that kilo off your hands?
My fairy godmother.
(chuckles)
Smart-ass kid.
(engine starts)
Don't get yourself
killed on that bike!
Then I'll never see
my fucking money!
(engine revving)
(laughs)
(motorcycle approaching) Boo!
(children shouting playfully) What?
Y'all can't say hello?
(kickstand drops)
(sighs deeply)
WOMAN ON TV: No. David.
what have you done?
(spoon clatters)
(man speaking indistinctly)
WOMAN: I told you never to
come to this house again.
MAN: Cut the act.
Nobody can hear us.
(TV continues indistinctly)
'Sup. Aunt Lou?
Hey.
You don't look too good.
(grunts) WOMAN: What
are we supposed to do?
MAN: In case of what?
You testing my patience. boy.
I should whup your ass for getting
her involved with this shit.
- He ain't put no gun to my head.
- It won't happen again.
And I ain't even
here on all that.
Bought a bike. I can't
leave it at my place.
- You can leave it here.
- Can't leave it here.
You see the messes you
bring up in my house?
Had my shit on lock. man.
Jerome. out of pocket bitches
screaming on the front porch.
(car approaching) Who really
bringing the mess here?
Bitch. who is you?
(car door closes)
- Who am I?
- Aw. damn. Damn.
JEROME: Who you poppin'
up in your face for?
You need to calm down. Naw. I
ain't calming nothin' down.
Supposed to help
her move somebody.
- Hold this for me.
- Don't want her to see my face.
- CISSY: Y'all here?
- Hold my...
- Hell. naw.
- Please...
- Unh-unh. No.
- Y'all here?
What you two doing?
- Nothing.
- Chillin'.
You was gonna stand me up?
Uh. I was just about
to come home.
Well. come on then. You
puttin' me behind.
Where's Louie?
She in her room. She
ain't feeling too good.
Probably sick 'cause you
got that motorcycle.
Don't you know that thing
is death on two wheels?
(TV playing indistinctly)
Yeah. I just love 'em too much.
You just love trouble too much.
Tell her I brought her dish back.
Come on. Franklin.
(screen door closes)
(Union's "Strike" playing)
Patty cake. patty cake...
(indistinct conversations)
♪ To be. to do
♪ Young dirty...
Fine example you
settin' for your boy.
kicking old women
outta their home.
Teaching him what happens.
you don't pay your rent.
(chuckles) Good riddance.
Roaches'd complain
if they could.
- Place oughta be condemned.
- That's the last of it.
- Suck my titties. boy.
- Hey!
Act right or I'm-a
call the sheriffs.
We can go now?
♪ I'm gonna strike
You know what? Not yet.
♪♪
What else you got up there. Ms.
Perkins? Let's go see.
♪ But don't let me find out
♪ That you're out on a date
♪ I'll give you one more
- (Coughs)
- What do you think you're doin'?
Open that grate right there.
Reach in and tell
me what you find.
- For real?
- Mm-hmm.
(dog barking in distance)
Best not be no rat
trap up in here.
Oh. there isn't.
(grate unlocks)
What the hell?
You snake.
That ain't mine.
Chicken milk bomb.
Milk and raw chicken left
in the heating duct.
Sit there long enough.
it'll be damn near toxic.
Ain't that right. Ms. Perkins?
Yeah. I don't know nothin' about that.
Uh-huh.
(chuckles) You trippin'.
(horn honks)
What is he doing here?
♪♪
♪ To do her dirty work
Hi.
Hello.
- Cissy.
- I wasn't expecting you.
And Franklin. What a nice surprise.
Good to see you. son.
So. um. how's it going here?
Um. we're just about done. sir.
Uh. sir.
MRS. PERKINS: That's right.
Let your little house nigga
finish doing your dirty for you.
Hey. I think it's time you went
ahead and got going. ma'am.
All these years. people
been calling your rich ass.
- CISSY: Ms. Perkins...
- Leaks. Bad electrical.
Ms. Perkins. what did I tell you?
Fucked up plumbing!
I didn't come here
to argue with you!
Now you show?! To
see me thrown out?!
Well. I ain't going! Just
give us back and get going!
(residents cheering) I
told you about that.
You shut up! I'm not
talking to you!
- Go ahead. Call the Sheriff.
- Ms. Perkins!
Let him see how you got these people
living! Ma'am. you're trespassing!
You the criminal here!
(dog barking)
Ronald. please. let
me handle this. okay?
- Well. then handle it.
- I'm going to.
I don't want a fucking riot out here.
Today is to be a day of reckoning!
Oh. my God!
I'm gonna get your ass... (shouts
indistinctly) White motherfucker!
(shouting indistinctly) You
need to get out right...
Leave!
Go!
(cheering)
♪♪
(indistinct shouting)
Go back to your homes!
Come on now!
(metal rattling)
(thud)
Hey. it's McDonald.
Yeah. I'm good.
Yeah. listen. um.
I'm looking for a
warehouse space.
1.000 square feet minimum
in an industrial area
where trucks coming and going
wouldn't draw too
much attention.
And if it's close to Hawthorne.
that would be ideal.
No. I don't... I don't
give a shit about that.
I do need an outside
line. though.
Yeah. Uh. 24 hours.
Less if you can.
Okay. Yep. Thank you.
(receiver clatters)
♪♪
That chicken milk bomb...
Woman had an arm on her. too.
CISSY: I thought she was gonna put
it right through Tulf's window.
Yeah. I wish she had.
Hey. Man signs my checks.
Show some respect.
- Stop eatin' my onion rings!
- (sighs)
I just wish you didn't have to deal
with those crazy folks all day.
They're not crazy.
just desperate.
Mm. (chair scrapes)
Can I know why you were
at Jerome's today?
I need a reason to see family?
You know me and my brother
done come a long way.
and I done worked
hard to love Louie.
but I don't want you spending
so much time over there.
- Come on. Mom.
- I know you heard it before.
And I also know
you're plenty smart.
So you understand if I'm
saying it. I must mean it.
(sighs and kisses)
That your way of
asking to be excused?
May I be excused?
Mm.
(onion ring crunches)
(door closes)
(groans)
You wanna stop leaving your
things all over the place. baby?
(chuckles) My bad. Thank you.
- What do you have in there any...
- Um...
Oh. come on. Franklin.
(scoffs) Kitchen's only
two steps away. man.
(dishes clatter)
What do you got in that bag?
Nothing.
Hoodie. Henry Ford
book. bunch of stuff.
I like reading. too. you know.
Oh. I know you like reading.
Henry Ford?
(laughs)
(chuckles)
(dog barking in distance)
(door creaks) Saw
Pops last night.
Where?
On Western.
He all right?
Tough to say.
Thanks for the plates.
(chuckles)
(intercom beeps. line rings)
(line clicks)
ALEJANDRO: Who is this?
Lucia Villanueva.
(gates whirring)
(speaks Spanish)
(shifts gears)
(front door opens)
ALEJANDRO: So you bring
this guy in this place?
(door closes) LUCIA: Besides Pedro.
Gustavo's the most trusted man I have.
You'll be dealing a lot with
him. so I'd be really nice.
(speaks Spanish)
- Pasen por aquí. Siéntanse.
- Gracias.
So?
Where's Logan?
Uh... there was an
accident a few days ago.
Logan OD'd.
You're telling me Logan's dead?
Well... Hey. You started
the party without me.
I'm Reed Thompson. It's nice
to meet you. Ms. Villanueva.
Who the fuck are you. the
replacement white boy?
I. uh. I was a
friend of Logan's.
He never mentioned you.
Yeah. I asked to be
a silent partner.
So obviously. things
have changed.
I was told to expect Pedro.
But from everything
I've heard about Pedro.
you don't seem like... Pedro.
Gustavo.
Okay.
Gustavo. Uh. it's
nice to meet you.
- Uh. would you care for a drink?
- No.
Okay. Uh. again.
I'm... I'm very. very
sorry about Logan.
I know that this must
come as a shock.
Are you gonna use Logan's death
as an excuse to fuck with me
and change the terms
of our arrangement?
ALEJANDRO: No.
Are you gonna act
like an asshole
and be difficult to deal with?
W... Uh... Well. no. I mean.
I hadn't planned on it.
Then you have nothing
to be sorry for.
(clears throat)
Can we get on with this deal?
(sniffs) And the money?
(thud)
You wanna count it?
Not if you say we don't have to.
You wanna sample the product?
Two weeks...
you'll be ready to
purchase another 25 keys?
No problem.
We'll be in contact then.
It is nice to meet you.
You. too. Oso.
Both of you.
(door opens)
(exhales deeply) (door closes)
(unzips bag)
(sniffs)
So. uh. what do you
know about her?
I know that she can pay. which
is all that I care about.
Okay. I. uh. I found
us a new stash house.
It's closer to Hawthorne. So that's where
we're gonna do business from now on.
Count that. I'll be back
with the other half soon.
Oh. wait. wait. wait.
You're going to Avi's?
Alone? (Teddy exhales deeply)
How you think that's
going to work?
(Marino's "Que no se
apague el fuego" plays)
♪ Que no se apague el fuego
(song continues in Spanish)
♪♪
This way.
(song continues in distance)
(door creaks)
(speaking Spanish)
- Sí.
- Uh-huh.
(woman speaks Spanish)
♪♪
LUCIA: 25 kilos.
Roughly 55 pounds.
880 ounces.
25.000 grams.
Cut modestly. still purer than
anything coming over the border.
And at $100 a gram. a
better value. as well.
Dealers get 10%.
processors $1.000 a day to
buy silence and loyalty.
Chunk goes to the church and other
miscellaneous expenditures...
Plastic bags. rubber bands.
scales. cash counters. fuel.
bribes for doormen.
club managers.
bartenders. concierges.
Budgeted out at $10.000 a load.
There will also be
breakage. free samples.
Conservatively. another 50
to 100 grams per shipment.
After all expenses.
Oso. those 25 kilos could net
us just under $2.1 million.
(door opens)
Where have you been?
I was trying your place. I
couldn't get a hold of you.
I've been with my father all
day. trying to keep him calm.
Guess it went smooth?
Mostly. You're not gonna believe
what happened to Logan.
Tell me on the way.
They called a meeting.
They're wondering
where you've been.
(speaks Spanish)
No. no. no... (speaks Spanish)
Gustavo can watch them.
Yeah.
Whatever.
(sighs)
AVI: Okay. okay. put the money.
(knocks on door)
(shouting in Hebrew)
Whoo-hoo-hoo! (shouts
indistinctly)
Put the money! (speaks Hebrew)
Okay. okay. okay!
Wah!
(men shouting indistinctly)
(upbeat music plays)
(laughing)
(speaks Hebrew)
Ahh! Ohh!
- Oh. you came back.
- How's your man doing?
- Apparently. he'll live.
- Wow. That's good to hear.
So what now? (Sniffs)
You apologize? You beg
for my forgiveness?
Tell me your life story so I
believe that you're legit?
♪♪
No. this is the part where
I tell you that. uh.
we're not doing
business together.
but good luck to you.
Stop.
♪♪
What. you...
don't wanna do business with me?
Look. I am a simple.
reasonable man.
I just wanna do business with
other simple. reasonable men.
- I'm a simple. reasonable man.
- Wait. You're a lunatic.
- I'm eccentric.
- You're paranoid.
I'm cautious. Okay. so...
you didn't frisk me.
You didn't ask me a
single question.
You stuck a gun in my
face and you told me
your were gonna shoot me
unless I stripped naked.
You got me nervous. I
didn't know who you are.
Besides. it's a lot of product
we're talking about here.
Okay. So if you're
feeling nervous.
what we do is we sit down
and we talk things through.
like adults. which I'd
have been happy to do.
But what you don't do
is put a gun in my face
and tell me you're gonna
shoot me unless I get naked.
Mm.
Well. I'm trying to apologize
here. but you rub it in my face.
- Now who's unreasonable?
- No. no. you haven't apologized.
♪♪
I'm sorry.
I still don't trust you.
See. I think you still got
some of that Louis XIII left.
So why don't you pour
us both a drink?
We'll sit down and we'll
talk things through.
see if we can't come
to some understanding.
And if we can. we'll
do business together.
If we can't. I'll take
my product elsewhere.
No hard feelings.
Cool?
(horn honks. indistinct
conversations)
MAN OVER P.A.: Number 48.
chili burger with fries.
Number 53. fish and chips.
Franklin!
(laughs) See y'all.
FRANKLIN: So. um.
you're just. like.
sneaking out every
night now. huh?
(laughs) Daddy's working
the night shift.
And you're welcome to come
hang out if you want.
Uh. don't he check
on you sometime?
- Sometimes.
- Then I'm good.
- You really scared of him. huh?
- Hell. yeah! Man.
(laughs) You didn't used to be.
Yeah. that was when we was kids.
But then you got fine.
and he got psycho.
You think I'm fine?
(laughs) And it's 'cause of
that. you scared of him?
Not 'cause you selling weed now?
Pssh! What? I ain't
selling no weed.
Come on. Franklin. You think I'm a fool?
That I don't see things?
I don't know what
you think you see.
but I ain't slingin' no weed.
(unzips backpack)
(gasps) What the fuck
is wrong with you?
♪♪
What is that?
Nothin'.
- Where you get it?
- Go home. Mel.
- Come on. Franklin.
- Go home.
For real. (zips backpack)
♪♪
MAN ON TV: Derek. what's the best
part of working with your wife?
DEREK: Well. you always
know who's boss.
(laughter)
No. Seriously...
(TV continues playing
indistinctly)
(engine starts)
(engine revving)
(indistinct conversations)
(clock ticking)
(car door opens. closes)
(sighs heavily)
(car departs)
(speaks Spanish)
- Hi. Tío.
- Where were you?
Ramiro.
(indistinct conversations)
(speaking Spanish)
iEn mi casa!
This is Javier.
Muchas gracias.
(dog barking in distance)
What a mess. (breathing heavily)
You think Ramiro's right?
About Max?
The truth always comes out.
What concerns me is how much damage
Ramiro will do in the meantime.
¿Necesitas un abrigo?
Oh. no. no. no. I'm fine.
How are you feeling?
Well... your mother
says I'm too skinny.
All those years on my
ass about my weight.
and now I need to put some on.
She just wants to help you.
Sí. Papa.
Come have dinner at
the ranch this week.
(chuckles)
(engine starts)
(vehicle departs)
Your father's lost
his fucking mind.
Yeah. that's what I was
trying to tell you.
I mean. since when
does he toss bodies
across his fucking
living room floor?
I can't believe you're
smoking that shit right now.
We just have to patient. okay?
Start the coke
business up slowly...
He's not gonna stop until
he knows who did this.
We can't just wait around
for him to kill us.
You really think he'd do that?
(Marion Black's "Come
on & Gettit" playing)
Hey!
Uhh! Look here!
♪ All my friends
♪ My brothers and sisters
(inhaling sharply)
♪♪
Well. I guess you ain't no one
hit wonder after all. is you?
I got tracks for days.
You just say the word.
Let me tell you somethin'
about me. Franklin.
I ain't about that powder.
That is just a necessary
experience that I provide.
which makes my place so special.
Of course.
Get him $30.000.
Hold up. We said $16.000 per.
Well. I thought we'd start with
a nice round number first.
I'm sure there's something
we can offer you here
that. uh. will ensure that you
leave here feeling taken care of.
- I'm afraid there ain't.
- No?
Mm.
Oh. you 'bout that money. huh?
♪♪
All right then. Get
him his money.
Thank you.
♪♪
How's your auntie? She
staying in tonight?
I can't imagine she felt too
welcome after last time.
Well. she had that
shit coming for days.
Well. you also held
a gun to my chin.
Oh. you sensitive.
I'm hoping this is the beginning
of a long. fruitful business
relationship. Claudia.
I don't think it's too
much to ask for the words
"my fault" followed by.
"Shit won't happen again."
(laughs)
♪♪
Your showing your youth
up in here. boy.
And you showing me you're too
proud to admit you was wrong.
♪♪
(indistinct conversations)
Excuse me.
♪♪
♪ Jump back. uhh!
♪ Baby. whoo! Good God
♪ Gotta get funky now
♪ Get funky now
Everything all right?
Yep.
♪ Uhh! Aw. yeah. baby
♪ What you want me to do?
♪♪
It's a shame you
can't stick around.
Bitches love the Candyman.
Hit me one more time!
Uhh! Good God.
♪ Baby. hey
♪ Aah! Hey
(humming)
(gate clanks)
(Bill Withers'
"Lovely Day" plays)
(engine turns off)
Hey. who are you with?
- Whatchu mean?
- You slow. nigga?
This shit seem like jokes to you?
Who you with?
Ain't with nobody. I'm with me.
♪ When I wake up in the morning.
love ♪ So you thought it was okay
to slide up here and steal our
best customer?! Come on. man!
Shut the fuck up! ♪ And the
sunlight hurts my eyes ♪
- Shut up!
- (grunting)
♪ And something without
warning. love ♪
Aah!
♪ Bears heavy on my mind That
backpack. man. That backpack.
♪ Then I look at you
♪ And I know it's gonna be
Yeah. (gun cocks)
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
Hey. Don't waste no bullets
on that bitch-ass nigga.
We got the bag.
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
- Not yet.
- (groans)
(speaks indistinctly) ♪
Lovely day. lovely day
(spits)
♪ When the day that
lies ahead of me ♪
This ain't Mayberry. bitch.
♪ Seems impossible to face
♪ When someone else
instead of me ♪
(engine starts)
♪ Always seems to know the way
♪ Then I look at you
♪ And I know it's gonna be
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
♪ A lovely day
♪ Lovely day. lovely day.
lovely day. lovely day ♪
♪♪
Captions by VITA...